# Ira and Flamenco

[Problem - 1833F - Codeforces](https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1833/F) 

## 题面翻译

在长度为 $n$ 的数组 $\{a\}$ 中选择 $m$ 个数，满足下列要求：

- 恰好选择 $m$ 个数；
- 选中的数互不相同；
- 选中的数两两之差都严格小于 $m$。

求有多少种满足要求的选择方法，答案对 $10^9+7$ 取模。



取m个数，而且差值严格小于m，我们可以看出这m个必须是连续的，所以可以统计出每个数出出现的次数，然后把次数累乘起来加到答案中即可。大小是1e9，用map记录，同时记录下标，如果不能凑成连续的m个则直接跳过。

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;

const int mod = 1e9 + 7;

#define int long long

int fastpow(int a, int b) {
    int res = 1;
    while (b) {
        if (b & 1) {
            res = res * a % mod;
        }
        a = a * a % mod;
        b >>= 1;
    }
    return res;
}

signed main() {
    int t;
    cin >> t;
    while (t--) {
        int n, m;
        cin >> n >> m;
        map<int, int> mp;
        for (int i = 1; i <= n; i++) {
            int x;
            cin >> x;
            mp[x]++;
        }
        vector<int> a(n + 1), b(n + 1);
        int cnt = 0;
        for (auto [i, j] : mp) {
            a[++cnt] = i;
            b[cnt] = j;
        }
        vector<int> pre(cnt + 1);
        pre[0] = 1;
        for (int i = 1; i <= cnt; i++) {
            pre[i] = pre[i - 1] * b[i] % mod;
        }
        int ans = 0;
        for (int i = m; i <= cnt; i++) {
            //cout << a[i] << ' ' << a[i - m + 1] << endl;
            if (a[i] - a[i - m + 1] == m - 1) {
                //cout << pre[i] * fastpow(pre[i - m], mod - 2) % mod << endl;
                ans = (ans + pre[i] * fastpow(pre[i - m], mod - 2) % mod) % mod;
            }
        }
        cout << ans << endl;
    }
}
```



## 题目描述

Ira loves Spanish flamenco dance very much. She decided to start her own dance studio and found $ n $ students, $ i $ th of whom has level $ a_i $ .

Ira can choose several of her students and set a dance with them. So she can set a huge number of dances, but she is only interested in magnificent dances. The dance is called magnificent if the following is true:

- exactly $ m $ students participate in the dance;
- levels of all dancers are pairwise distinct;
- levels of every two dancers have an absolute difference strictly less than $ m $ .

For example, if $ m = 3 $ and $ a = [4, 2, 2, 3, 6] $ , the following dances are magnificent (students participating in the dance are highlighted in red): $ [\color{red}{4}\color{black}, 2,\color{red}{2}\color{black},\color{red}{3}\color{black}, 6] $ , $ [\color{red}{4}\color{black}, \color{red}{2}\color{black}, 2, \color{red}{3}\color{black}, 6] $ . At the same time dances $ [\color{red}{4}\color{black}, 2, 2, \color{red}{3}\color{black}, 6] $ , $ [4, \color{red}{2}\color{black}, \color{red}{2}\color{black}, \color{red}{3}\color{black}, 6] $ , $ [\color{red}{4}\color{black}, 2, 2, \color{red}{3}\color{black}, \color{red}{6}\color{black}] $ are not magnificent.

In the dance $ [\color{red}{4}\color{black}, 2, 2, \color{red}{3}\color{black}, 6] $ only $ 2 $ students participate, although $ m = 3 $ .

The dance $ [4, \color{red}{2}\color{black}, \color{red}{2}\color{black}, \color{red}{3}\color{black}, 6] $ involves students with levels $ 2 $ and $ 2 $ , although levels of all dancers must be pairwise distinct.

In the dance $ [\color{red}{4}\color{black}, 2, 2, \color{red}{3}\color{black}, \color{red}{6}\color{black}] $ students with levels $ 3 $ and $ 6 $ participate, but $ |3 - 6| = 3 $ , although $ m = 3 $ .

Help Ira count the number of magnificent dances that she can set. Since this number can be very large, count it modulo $ 10^9 + 7 $ . Two dances are considered different if the sets of students participating in them are different.

## 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $ t $ ( $ 1 \le t \le 10^4 $ ) — number of testcases.

The first line of each testcase contains integers $ n $ and $ m $ ( $ 1 \le m \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5 $ ) — the number of Ira students and the number of dancers in the magnificent dance.

The second line of each testcase contains $ n $ integers $ a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n $ ( $ 1 \le a_i \le 10^9 $ ) — levels of students.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $ n $ over all testcases does not exceed $ 2 \cdot 10^5 $ .

## 输出格式

For each testcase, print a single integer — the number of magnificent dances. Since this number can be very large, print it modulo $ 10^9 + 7 $ .

## 样例 #1

### 样例输入 #1

```
9
7 4
8 10 10 9 6 11 7
5 3
4 2 2 3 6
8 2
1 5 2 2 3 1 3 3
3 3
3 3 3
5 1
3 4 3 10 7
12 3
5 2 1 1 4 3 5 5 5 2 7 5
1 1
1
3 2
1 2 3
2 2
1 2
```

### 样例输出 #1

```
5
2
10
0
5
11
1
2
1
```

## 提示

In the first testcase, Ira can set such magnificent dances: $ [\color{red}{8}\color{black}, 10, 10, \color{red}{9}\color{black}, \color{red}{6}\color{black}, 11, \color{red}{7}\color{black}] $ , $ [\color{red}{8}\color{black}, \color{red}{10}\color{black}, 10, \color{red}{9}\color{black}, 6, 11, \color{red}{7}\color{black}] $ , $ [\color{red}{8}\color{black}, 10, \color{red}{10}\color{black}, \color{red}{9}\color{black}, 6, 11, \color{red}{7}\color{black}] $ , $ [\color{red}{8}\color{black}, 10, \color{red}{10}\color{black}, \color{red}{9}\color{black}, 6, \color{red}{11}\color{black}, 7] $ , $ [\color{red}{8}\color{black}, \color{red}{10}\color{black}, 10, \color{red}{9}\color{black}, 6, \color{red}{11}\color{black}, 7] $ .

The second testcase is explained in the statements.