### A. Red Versus Blue

time limit per test

1 second

memory limit per test

256 megabytes

Team Red and Team Blue competed in a competitive FPS. Their match was streamed around the world. They played a series of n matches.

In the end, it turned out Team Red won r times and Team Blue won b times. Team Blue was less skilled than Team Red, so b was **strictly less** than r.

You missed the stream since you overslept, but you think that the match must have been neck and neck since so many people watched it. So you imagine a string of length n where the $i-th$ character denotes who won the $i-th$ match  — it is R if Team Red won or B if Team Blue won. You imagine the string was such that the **maximum** number of times a team **won in a row** was **as small as possible**. For example, in the series of matches RBBRRRB, Team Red won 3 times in a row, which is the maximum.

You must find a string satisfying the above conditions. If there are multiple answers, print any.

Input

The first line contains a single integer t $(1 \le t \le 1000)$ — the number of test cases.

Each test case has a single line containing three integers $n$, $r$, and $b$ $(3 \leq n \leq 100; 1 \leq b < r \leq n, r+b=n)$.

Output

For each test case, output a single line containing a string satisfying the given conditions. If there are multiple answers, print any.

Examples

input

Copy

```
3
7 4 3
6 5 1
19 13 6
```

output

Copy

```
RBRBRBR
RRRBRR
RRBRRBRRBRRBRRBRRBR
```

input

Copy

```
6
3 2 1
10 6 4
11 6 5
10 9 1
10 8 2
11 9 2
```

output

Copy

```
RBR
RRBRBRBRBR
RBRBRBRBRBR
RRRRRBRRRR
RRRBRRRBRR
RRRBRRRBRRR
```

Note

The first test case of the first example gives the optimal answer for the example in the statement. The maximum number of times a team wins in a row in RBRBRBR is 1. We cannot minimize it any further.

The answer for the second test case of the second example is **RR**BRBRBRBR. The maximum number of times a team wins in a row is 2, given by RR at the beginning. We cannot minimize the answer any further.



A题不错，很好的的锻炼思维。

最少的最大连胜次数就让他平均分配，因为B一定比R小，所以一定是B作为隔板分割R，分多少块取决于B的数量，数量就是B数量多一，直接R除$B+1$可以得到分的块数t，而每块的R的数量就是$tx=R/t$，但是由于除法是向下取整，所以会有R遗漏，遗漏的数量小于$tx$，让$R\%t$就能得到有$last$块R需要放多一个R。

因此，R的块数 $t$，每块R的数量$tx$，B的数量$b$，R块多放一个的数量$last$ 都有了，就循环放就好了。

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <cstring>
using namespace std;
int main() {
    cin.tie(0);
    cout.tie(0);
    ios::sync_with_stdio(0);
    int n;
    cin >> n;
    while (n--) {
        string a = "";
        int x, r, b;
        cin >> x >> r >> b;
        int t = r / (b + 1);
        int tx = r / t;
        int last = r % (b + 1);
        // cout << last << endl;
        while (x > 0) {//x表示总长度
            int tmp = t;
            while (tmp-- && x > 0) {
                a += 'R';
                x--;
            }
            if (last) {
                a += 'R';
                x--;
                last--;//把R放完之后，就判断是不是还要一个R
            }
            if (b > 0) {
                a += 'B';
                x--;
            }
            b--;
        }
        cout << a << endl;
    }
}
```

